okay here's progress so far jazz is here
welcome jazz I tried cleaning him up
last night game just kind of a once-over
polish but even he needs a good
detailing I just give him a scrub me
scrub and he looks much better still
need to install the secondary turn
signal relay so right now the turn
signals don't work what's open sit so
right now the turn signals you go to use
them just
that's it that's all they do they when
they're working its beam me beep now if
i unplug the rear ones they work you
tried adding in line extra resistors and
it was worse it actually needs less
resistance not more which is weird so
we're just going to do a secondary relay
in the back with a liar straight into
the battery connect it to that you know
we'll just we'll do some splicing I
don't know anything about electricals oh
well I'll get some help on that see pipe
has been drilled out and sounds awesome
um it's already collecting dust again
I'm going to put a 49cc scoop thing
right there and then i'll probably put
another one clearcoat one here on the
front right here it's a clear one going
here and then went off plaque yeah I'm
going to use one of my old Missouri
license plates one of my old motorcycle
plates and use that as a back and put
something over the front of it and stick
the sticker on top and put it on for you
on CC scoop com sticker there and
there's my hopping skip ad i love that
the bar end mirrors i mean everything
else is as you've seen it the shift
lever is i'm going to have a tack welded
and i'll show you where but this is off
of a CRF this is the MSR aftermarket
aluminum 14 crf50 but because i had to
put it in backwards and upside down the
bolt obviously won't fit in there so
what we've done is well there's a little
bit of tape I'm going to like this
couple pieces of which will take to keep
it from falling off this way and then
there's this flexi thing that is then
with some twisty ties so it's it's
looped through and then loop through
this thing and then twisty tight in
place and this is actually off of a
Ducati backpack
so I've got some high performance
Italian parts on this bike that's it
it's here now as for this bike in my
Napoleon moment um dodge came over and
helped me get the wheel off open the CDC
more like dodge came over and we got the
wheel off and that was very stubborn but
it's office it's just hanging out right
now um yeah there's the screw the chain
I could not get the thing is to loosen
so I was just going to take a master
link off and forget it I'll deal with
that later right well spent an hour
pulling on this trying to get the I got
the clip off no problem there's an easy
trick you use a pair of needlenose
pliers and and you basically brace one
under the pliers like try to pick a spot
that's like pretend this is the math
line with a clip on it you brace one end
here and the other end on the end of the
clip and push and it pops it right off
anyway it yeah but then I couldn't get
the actual master link apart I'll find
it on here someone I don't know where it
went I know where the link is but
because I spent so much time trying to
loosen it I'm nervous that I've because
I mean I was yanking on flying pain
chain crimping and everything so I'm
afraid that because even if i press it
back because it's it's loose now but I
can't get it to come off and I'm afraid
that even just pressing it back together
and reinstalling the clip or putting a
new clip on as you really should I'm
afraid it still wouldn't work well
I can't seek nothing like it's on here
somewhere without the clip on it around
here somewhere anyway it's also the only
cleanest one because I was wd-40 and
everything trying to get it loose now it
wasn't happening so my chain is really
dirty right now because we just had a
rain normally it's much cleaner than
this but you can see the whole bag cuz i
was riding in rain for several days
needs a good bath and it's a dirt bike
essentially wash me um but yeah I'm
nervous that I've compromised the safety
of the chain and because I don't have a
case saver not that they do anything
anyway but when I put the bigger
sprocket on for a track day one day we
had to take the case saver off because
it got all bent and warped because the
sprocket was too big it's back to a
stock's rocket now and I could put a new
case saver on I could go aftermarket I'm
it's not even at it you know chain comes
up hits you in the face or something or
just damages the case even with the case
saver there que saber at the kind of
speeds it normally takes the break a
chain honestly does nothing press down
the inevitable that's about it um I
master likes probably around here
somewhere there it is yeah right there
you can't tell because this thing's so
dark it's not feeling so anyway I'm
nervous about I want to just go ahead
and figure out a way to get that stupid
thing off and put a new master link on
because and I'm afraid that because I
was flexing it so much that I
potentially compromised other links in
the chain so I'm just going to go
through and the chain is going to get a
very nice detailing for me because it's
a very nice EK supermoto chain and it
should be able to take a beating like
that for what I paid for it even a
dealer cost it was insane so yeah wheels
off could not get the bead broken and
I'm going to go buy a c-clamp today an
enormous that's going to have to be like
you know the biggest c-clamp I can buy
and I'm just gonna squirt squirt in here
and since you're down
and then give it a good pounding wow
that sounded really dirty